docs(ce/2.1) clone UPGRADE.md from the kong/kong repo (#2222)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/2.1.x/upgrading.md

> title: Upgrade guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Upgrade guide
skip_read_time: true
```
Right now the estimated reading time is 102 minutes, no need to scare anyone.

possible to upgrade Kong **without downtime**:

Assuming that Kong is already running on your system, acquire the latest
version from any of the available [installation
methods](https://getkong.org/install/) and proceed to install it, overriding
your previous installation.

If you are planning to make modifications to your configuration, this is a
good time to do so.

Then, run migration to upgrade your database schema:

```shell
$ kong migrations up [-c configuration_file]
```

If the command is successful, and no migration ran
(no output), then you only have to
[reload](https://docs.konghq.com/1.0.x/cli/#kong-reload) Kong:

```shell
$ kong reload [-c configuration_file]
```

**Reminder**: `kong reload` leverages the Nginx `reload` signal that seamlessly
starts new workers, which take over from old workers before those old workers
are terminated. In this way, Kong will serve new requests via the new
configuration, without dropping existing in-flight connections.

## Upgrade to `2.1.0`

Kong adheres to [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), which makes a
distinction between "major", "minor", and "patch" versions. The upgrade path

> will be different on which previous version from which you are migrating.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will be different depending on which previous version from which you are migrating.
```

update it if you are using a custom template.

To view the configuration changes between 2.0.0 and 2.1.0, clone the
[Kong repository](https://github.com/kong/kong) and run `git diff`
on the configuration templates, using `-w` for greater readability:

```
git clone https://github.com/kong/kong
cd kong
git diff -w 2.0.0 2.1.0 kong/templates/nginx_kong*.lua
```

To produce a patch file, use the following command:

```
git diff 2.0.0 2.1.0 kong/templates/nginx_kong*.lua > kong_config_changes.diff
```

#### 3. Suggested Upgrade Path

##### Upgrade from `0.x` to `2.1.0`

The lowest version that Kong 2.1.0 supports migrating from is 1.0.0.
If you are migrating from a version lower than 0.14.1, you need to
migrate to 0.14.1 first. Then, once you are migrating from 0.14.1,
please migrate to 1.5.0 first.

The steps for upgrading from 0.14.1 to 1.5.0 are the same as upgrading
from 0.14.1 to Kong 1.0. Please follow the steps described in the
"Migration Steps from 0.14" in the [Suggested Upgrade Path for Kong
1.0](#kong-1-0-upgrade-path), with the addition of the `kong
migrations migrate-apis` command, which you can use to migrate legacy
`apis` configurations.

> Once you migrated to 1.5.0, you can follow the instructions in the section

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you have migrated to 1.5.0, follow the instructions in the section
```

window of downtime, since the old and new versions cannot use the
database at the same time. Alternatively, to keep your previous version fully
operational while the new one initializes, you will need to transfer the
data to a new keyspace via a database dump, as described below:

1. Download 2.1.0, and configure it to point to a new keyspace.
   Run `kong migrations bootstrap`.
2. Once that finishes running, both the old (pre-2.1) and new (2.1.0)
   clusters can now run simultaneously, but the new cluster does not
   have any data yet.
3. On the old cluster, run `kong config db_export`. This will create
   a file `kong.yml` with a database dump.
4. Transfer the file to the new cluster and run
   `kong config db_import kong.yml`. This will load the data into the new cluster.
5. Gradually divert traffic away from your old nodes, and into
   your 2.1.0 cluster. Monitor your traffic to make sure everything
   is going smoothly.
6. When your traffic is fully migrated to the 2.1.0 cluster,
   decommission your old nodes.

##### Installing 2.1.0 on a Fresh Datastore

The following commands should be used to prepare a new 2.1.0 cluster from a

> fresh datastore. By default the `kong` CLI tool will load the configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fresh datastore. By default, the `kong` CLI tool loads the configuration
```

> from `/etc/kong/kong.conf`, but you can optionally use the flag `-c` to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from `/etc/kong/kong.conf`, but you can optionally use the `-c` flag to
```

> from `/etc/kong/kong.conf`, but you can optionally use the flag `-c` to

Reviewer 2: is the default dir the same for KE (EE)? I'm plagiarizing some of your verbiage.

indicate the path to your configuration file:

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
```

or shell. global review comment for syntax highlighting.

> $ kong migrations bootstrap [-c /path/to/your/kong.conf]

Reviewer 2: Elsewhere, such as line 754, the format [-c config] is used. Other spots, such as line 27, it is  [-c configuration_file].
We should be consistent. I'm basing the KE migrations doc off of some portions of CE migrations doc.

$ kong start [-c /path/to/your/kong.conf]
```

## Upgrade to `2.0.0`

Kong adheres to [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), which makes a

> distinction between "major", "minor", and "patch" versions. The upgrade path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
distinction between major, minor, and patch versions. The upgrade path
```

don't need quotes. global comment for similar sections. We can set up includes to share content in the future for better consistency and less maintenance.

+    }

-        log_by_lua_block {
-            Kong.log()
-        }
+    location @grpcs {
+        internal;
+
+        set $kong_proxy_mode       'grpcs';
+        grpc_pass grpcs://kong_upstream;
     }

     location = /kong_error_handler {
         internal;
         uninitialized_variable_warn off;

-        content_by_lua_block {
-            Kong.handle_error()
-        }
-
-        header_filter_by_lua_block {
-            Kong.header_filter()
-        }
+        rewrite_by_lua_block {;}

-        body_filter_by_lua_block {
-            Kong.body_filter()
-        }
+        access_by_lua_block {;}

-        log_by_lua_block {
-            Kong.log()
+        content_by_lua_block {
+            Kong.handle_error()
         }
     }
 }
@@ -210,7 +218,6 @@ server {
 > if admin_ssl_enabled then
     ssl_certificate ${{ADMIN_SSL_CERT}};
     ssl_certificate_key ${{ADMIN_SSL_CERT_KEY}};
-    ssl_protocols TLSv1.1 TLSv1.2 TLSv1.3;

     ssl_session_cache shared:SSL:10m;
     ssl_session_timeout 10m;
```

</p>
</details>

#### 2. Suggested Upgrade Path

##### Upgrade from `0.x` to `1.3`

The lowest version that Kong 1.3 supports migrating from is 0.14.1. if you

> are migrating from a previous 0.x release, please migrate to 0.14.1 first.

Reviewer 2: Some style guides say to avoid "please". _Maybe_ use for contacting support.
